slide 1
Hi, my name is jonathan tan. Thank you for the opportunity to present to you today. 
the following is an analysis of the beer and brewery data provided to our team. 

slide 2
The first item of business is the distribution of breweries per state; colorado and california have the highest in the nation
followed by a few other midwestern states

slide 3
15% of the breweries represented by the data reside in california and colorado alone.

slide 4 
The district of colombia produces the beers with the highest median alcohol content at 6.5%. The national median is 5.6%

slide 5
Nevada's breweries produce the highest average alcohol content at 6.7%. The national average alcohol content is only 5.9%. 

slide 6
Beers produced in maine have an median bitterness rating of 61 IBU, well above the national average of 35 IBU. 

slide 7
West virginia produces beers with the highest average bitterness rating at 58 IBU. The data ranges from bitternes
ratings of 4 to 138.

slide 8
Regarding style distribution, IPA style beers have a significant plurality; about one fifth of all beers represented in the 
data were identified as IPA

slide 9
This next chart shows the distribution of beer styles based on bitterness and alcoholic content
(click for blueblox)
almost all the brands in the data had less than 10% ABV and 100 IBU, 96.2%
(click for redbox)
more than half had 50 IBU or less and 3-6% ABV

slide 10
As a style, dark ales had the highest average alcoholic content, around 7.1% ABV compared to the national average of 5.9

slide 11
IPA beers on average were significantly more bitter than every other style, further research could investigate 
if this high IBU is related to the proliferation of the style. 

slide 12
regarding the data provided, 
62 beer brands did not report abv
1005 beer brands did not report IBU
these brands were excluded from the analysis. 

slide 13
in conclusion 
(click animation) 
the high concentration of breweries in colorado and california fits with the corporate presence of major industry 
players like coors and of course anheuser-busch (AN-hizer bush)
(click animation)
IPA style beers have a significant plurality of represented styles
(click animation) 
and more than half of all reported beers are low IBU and between 3-6% alcohol content. 

This concludes our team's analysis.
Further questions can be directed to myself or team members through email or github. 
thank you for the opportunity to present to you today. 